{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1
\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary
\par
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:
\par
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5lcf_2010_teaching_dataset_dvhh_final_july_v2
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 14
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 5262
\par
\par
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 casenew	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 New random ID number
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 weighta	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Annual weight
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 P550tpr	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Total expenditure (top coded)
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 P344pr	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Gross normal weekly household income - top-coded
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 P425r	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Main source of household income (recoded)
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i nominal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for P425r
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Earned income
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other income
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 A172	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Internet connection in household
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i nominal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for A172
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Internet connection in household
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No internet connection
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 A093r	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Economic position of Household Reference Person (recoded)
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i nominal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for A093r
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Full-time working 
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Part-time working
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Unemployed and work related Government Training Programmes
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Economically inactive
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 A094r	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 NS - SEC 3 Class of Household Reference Person (recoded from NS-SEC 12)
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i nominal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for A094r
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Higher managerial, administrative and professional occupations
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Intermediate occupations
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Routine and manual occupations
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Never worked and long term unemployed, students and occupation not stated
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not classified for other reasons
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 A121r	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Tenure - type (recoded)
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i nominal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for A121r
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Public rented
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Private rented
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Owned
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 SexHRP	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Sex of Household Reference Person
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i nominal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for SexHRP
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Male
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Female
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 A049r	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Household size; number of persons in HH (recoded)
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for A049r
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1 person
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 person
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 person
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4 person
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 5 person and more
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 G018r	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Number of adults (recoded)
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for G018r
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1 adult
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 adults
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 adults
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4 and more adults
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 G019r	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Number of children (recoded)
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for G019r
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No children
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One child
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Two or more children
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 Gorx	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Government Office Region modified
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i nominal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for Gorx
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 North East
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 North West & Merseyside
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yorkshire and the Humber
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 East Midlands
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 West Midlands
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Eastern
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 London
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 South East
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 South West
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Wales
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 11	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Scotland
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 12	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Northern Ireland
\par }}
